README.md, before:

# Site Title
## Table of contents

<!--table start-->

- [UX](#UX)
    - [User Stories](#User-Stories)
    - [Strategy Plane](#Strategy-plane)
    - [Scope Plane](#Scope-Plane)
    - [Structure Plane](#Structure-Plane)
    - [Skeleton Plane](#Skeleton-Plane)
    - [Surface Plane](#Surface-Plane)
- [Features](#Features)
    - [Existing Features](#Existing-Features)
    - [Features Left to Implement](#Features-Left-to-Implement) 
- [Technologies Used](#Technologies-Used)
    - [Languages](#Languages)
    - [Tools](#Tools)
    - [Frameworks](#Frameworks)
    - [Libraries](#Libraries)
- [Testing](#Testing)
- [Deployment](#Deployment)
    - [Online Deployment](#Online-deployment)
    - [Offline Deployment](#Offline/Local-Deployment)
- [Credits](#Credits)
    -[Content](#Content)
    -[Media](#Media)
    -[Acknowledgements](#Acknowledgements)
<!--table end-->

![Mock-up](Readme_sourceFiles/mockup.png)
---
 
# UX
## User Stories

## Strategy Plane
### High level considerations

### Business goals 

### Trade Off 

![The Features diagram](Readme_sourceFiles/tradeOff.png)


### The trade off

## Scope Plane

### Trade off

#### Comments

#### Promotion of products

### Requirements

### Requirement types

## Structure Plane
### Concerns

![Structure plane](Readme_sourceFiles/Structure_plane.png)

### Interaction design 

### Information Architecture

### Principals of organisation

## Skeleton Plane

- [Desktop view](Readme_sourceFiles/DesktopWireframe.pdf)

- [Mobile & Tablet view](Readme_sourceFiles/MobileAndTabletView.pdf)

## Surface Plane

![Colour pallet for the site](Readme_sourceFiles/pallet.png)

# Features
 
## Existing Features

## Features Left to Implement

# Technologies Used

## Languages

- [HTML5](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML5)
- [CSS3](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cascading_Style_Sheets#CSS_3)
- [JavaScript](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JavaScript)
- [Pyhton3](https://www.python.org/downloads/release/python-380/)

### Tools

- [Autoprefixer](https://autoprefixer.github.io/)
- [Markup Validation service](https://validator.w3.org/)
- [Pep8 online check](http://pep8online.com/)
- [GitHub](https://github.com/)
- [Git](https://git-scm.com/)
- [Gitpod](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/gitpod-online-ide/dodmmooeoklaejobgleioelladacbeki?hl=en)
- [VSC](https://code.visualstudio.com/download)
- [Microsoft Office](https://www.office.com/)
- [favicon](https://www.favicon.cc/)
- [JSHint](https://jshint.com/)


### Frameworks

- [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/)
- [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/icons?d=gallery)
- [Django](https://www.djangoproject.com/)

The following are frameworks imported from the cheese shop (They can be found in requirements.txt). 
- [Click](https://pypi.org/project/click/)
- [DNSPython](https://pypi.org/project/dnspython/)
- [itsdangerous](https://pypi.org/project/itsdangerous/)
- [Werkzeug](https://pypi.org/project/Werkzeug/)

### Libraries

- [JQuery](https://jquery.com)

# Testing

Due to this section being too long, I have written [automatic tests](automatic_testing.md).
I have used Gitpod for all my tests. 

# Deployment

Link to the live page: 
## Online deployment

## Offline/Local Deployment

# Credits

## Content

## Media


## Acknowledgements
- [Boutique Ado](https://github.com/KeisGSmit/OnlineShop)

Commit message:

Add Nav bar and Mobile Nav

README.md, after:

# Site Title
## Table of contents

<!--table start-->

- [UX](#UX)
    - [User Stories](#User-Stories)
    - [Strategy Plane](#Strategy-plane)
    - [Scope Plane](#Scope-Plane)
    - [Structure Plane](#Structure-Plane)
    - [Skeleton Plane](#Skeleton-Plane)
    - [Surface Plane](#Surface-Plane)
- [Features](#Features)
    - [Existing Features](#Existing-Features)
    - [Features Left to Implement](#Features-Left-to-Implement) 
- [Technologies Used](#Technologies-Used)
    - [Languages](#Languages)
    - [Tools](#Tools)
    - [Frameworks](#Frameworks)
    - [Libraries](#Libraries)
- [Testing](#Testing)
- [Deployment](#Deployment)
    - [Online Deployment](#Online-deployment)
    - [Offline Deployment](#Offline/Local-Deployment)
- [Credits](#Credits)
    -[Content](#Content)
    -[Media](#Media)
    -[Acknowledgements](#Acknowledgements)
<!--table end-->

![Mock-up](Readme_sourceFiles/mockup.png)
---
 
# UX
## User Stories

## Strategy Plane
### High level considerations

### Business goals 

### Trade Off 

![The Features diagram](Readme_sourceFiles/tradeOff.png)


### The trade off

## Scope Plane

### Trade off

#### Comments

#### Promotion of products

### Requirements

### Requirement types

## Structure Plane
### Concerns

![Structure plane](Readme_sourceFiles/Structure_plane.png)

### Interaction design 

### Information Architecture

### Principals of organisation

## Skeleton Plane

- [Desktop view](Readme_sourceFiles/DesktopWireframe.pdf)

- [Mobile & Tablet view](Readme_sourceFiles/MobileAndTabletView.pdf)

## Surface Plane

![Colour pallet for the site](Readme_sourceFiles/pallet.png)

# Features
 
## Existing Features

## Features Left to Implement

- I would like to make the mobile nav a bit more user friendly for mobile users but due to the number of icons and bootstrap, this will take a lot of time.

# Technologies Used

## Languages

- [HTML5](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML5)
- [CSS3](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cascading_Style_Sheets#CSS_3)
- [JavaScript](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JavaScript)
- [Pyhton3](https://www.python.org/downloads/release/python-380/)

### Tools

- [Autoprefixer](https://autoprefixer.github.io/)
- [Markup Validation service](https://validator.w3.org/)
- [Pep8 online check](http://pep8online.com/)
- [GitHub](https://github.com/)
- [Git](https://git-scm.com/)
- [Gitpod](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/gitpod-online-ide/dodmmooeoklaejobgleioelladacbeki?hl=en)
- [VSC](https://code.visualstudio.com/download)
- [Microsoft Office](https://www.office.com/)
- [favicon](https://www.favicon.cc/)
- [JSHint](https://jshint.com/)


### Frameworks

- [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/)
- [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/icons?d=gallery)
- [Django](https://www.djangoproject.com/)

The following are frameworks imported from the cheese shop (They can be found in requirements.txt). 
- [Click](https://pypi.org/project/click/)
- [DNSPython](https://pypi.org/project/dnspython/)
- [itsdangerous](https://pypi.org/project/itsdangerous/)
- [Werkzeug](https://pypi.org/project/Werkzeug/)

### Libraries

- [JQuery](https://jquery.com)

# Testing

Due to this section being too long, I have written [automatic tests](automatic_testing.md).
I have used Gitpod for all my tests. 

# Deployment

Link to the live page: 
## Online deployment

## Offline/Local Deployment

# Credits

## Content

## Media


## Acknowledgements
- [Boutique Ado](https://github.com/KeisGSmit/OnlineShop)
